Copy apiserver-proxy tests (#4662)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/integration/apiserver-proxy/README.md

# Apiserver-Proxy Integration Tests

## Overview

> This folder contains the integration tests for `apiserver-proxy` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains the integration tests for the `apiserver-proxy` component.
```

## Details

> - Contains the `Dockerfile` for the image used in Kyma apiserver-proxy tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contains the Dockerfile for the image used in Kyma API Server Proxy tests.
```

> - Contains the `fetch-token` application used for fetching authentication token from Dex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contains the `fetch-token` application used for fetching authentication tokens from Dex.
```

- Contains the `test.sh` script that runs tests for the chart.

## Usage

> To test your changes and build an image, use the `make build build-image` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test your changes and build the image, run the `make build build-image` command.
```
